Add weak references and finalizers section to library tour (#4043)
dart-lang/site-www: src/_guides/libraries/library-tour.md

[Exceptions](/guides/language/language-tour#exceptions)
(in the language tour) and the [Exception API reference.][Exception]

> ### Weak references and finalizers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Weak references and finalizers

```

Reviewer 2: This looks the same?

Reviewer: Just adding some white space before the text of the section :)

Dart is a [garbage-collected][] language,
which means that any Dart object

> that isn't referenced by at least one other object

Reviewer: Not sure if it's important, but should this include something like "or from the current scope"?

Author: I think that's correct, but there's probably more situations where an object would be kept alive. Maybe we should stick with "that isn't referenced"

> will eventually be disposed by the garbage collector. 

Reviewer 3: "will eventually be" -> "can be"

(We can dive into a deep hole of definitions here. Integers are objects, but small integers are never disposed. Neither are Strings which happen to be const in the program.)

> This default behavior may not be desireable in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This default behavior might not be desirable in
```

some scenarios involving native resources or 

> if the target object cannot be sub-classed.

Reviewer: According to https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#subclass:

```suggestion
if the target object cannot be subclassed.
```

Reviewer 2: Also cannot => can't

> if the target object cannot be sub-classed.

Reviewer 3: can't be subclassed? What is this referring to?

Author: I'm aware of some scenarios where an Expando / WeakMap is useful for adding properties to objects. Maybe this should be more specific...

Author: My understanding is that WeakMap is used for tools that work alongside an app

Reviewer 3: That's a bit of a strange thing to say under `### Weak references and finalizers`. If you want to cover the use cases for Expandos as well, then maybe change the header to include expandos.

Author: I'll change this to "can't be modified"

A [WeakReference][]
stores a reference to the target object

> without increasing the reference count

Reviewer 3: We don't do reference counting in Dart.

I believe what you're trying to say is: 

> Being the target of a weak reference does not keep an object from being garbage collected.

https://api.dart.dev/stable/2.17.0/dart-core/WeakReference-class.html

considered by the garbage collector.
Another option is to use an [Expando][]
to add properties to an object

> without affecting how they are garbage-collected.

Reviewer: I think this should only be [hyphenated](https://developers.google.com/style/hyphens?hl=en) when used before a noun:

```suggestion
without affecting how they are garbage collected.
```

Reviewer 2: +1. Should be:
without affecting how it's garbage collected.

> without affecting how they are garbage-collected.

Reviewer: Seems the plurality of "an object" is not consistent with "how they are".

> A [Finalizer][] can be used to execute a callback function

Reviewer: Also, question for @dcharkes: Is it important enough to reference the callback must not throw in this section? Seems like an important detail to keep in mind even in this high level discussion.

after an object is no longer referenced.

> It is not guaranteed to execute this callback, however.

Reviewer: If we're not going to expand on this yet, perhaps put however in the beginning.

```suggestion
However, it is not guaranteed to execute this callback.
```

A [NativeFinalizer][]
provides stronger guarantees

> for interacting with native code using [dart:ffi][].
> Its callback will be called at least once
> after the object is no longer referenced.
> It can be used to close native resources

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for interacting with native code using [dart:ffi][];
its callback is invoked at least once
after the object is no longer referenced.
Also, it can be used to close native resources
```

such as a database connection or open files.

To ensure that an object won't be finalized

> or garbage collected too early,

Reviewer 3: > finalized or garbage collected

garbage collected and finalized (either both happen or neither happen)

> classes can implement the [Finalizable][] interface.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if it is the right level of detail for this entry, but as a reader I'm a little confused on what "too early" means. Maybe we should expand more explicitly on what guarantee implementing `Finalizable` provides? Something like being alive the entire scope of the variable (or whatever it guarantees).

Author: That's a good point, I added another sentence to clarify.

> 

Reviewer: What do you think about adding a version-note at the end of this section?

Dart is a [garbage-collected][] language,
which means that any Dart object
that isn't referenced
can be disposed by the garbage collector. 
This default behavior might not be desirable in
some scenarios involving native resources or 
if the target object can't be modified.

A [WeakReference][]
stores a reference to the target object
that does not affect how it is 
collected by the garbage collector.
Another option is to use an [Expando][]
to add properties to an object.

A [Finalizer][] can be used to execute a callback function
after an object is no longer referenced.
However, it is not guaranteed to execute this callback.

A [NativeFinalizer][]
provides stronger guarantees
for interacting with native code using [dart:ffi][];
its callback is invoked at least once
after the object is no longer referenced.
Also, it can be used to close native resources
such as a database connection or open files.

To ensure that an object won't be
garbage collected and finalized too early,
classes can implement the [Finalizable][] interface.
When a local variable is Finalizable, 
it won't be garbage collected
until the code block where it is declared has exited.

{{site.alert.version-note}}

> Support for weak references and finalizers was added in Dart 2.17.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Support for weak references and finalizers was added in Dart 2.17.
```
